Add information about Event Property Limits on Computed Traits (#4008)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/engage/product-limits.md

| Events Lookback History                       | 3 years                       | The period of time for which Segment stores audience and computed traits computation events.                                                                                                     |     |
| Real-time to batch destination sync frequency | 2-3 hours                     | The frequency with which Segment syncs real-time audiences to batch destinations.                                                                                                                |     |
| Event History                                 | `1970-01-01`                  | Events with a timestamp less than `1970-01-01` aren't always ingested, which could impact audience backfills with event timestamps prior to this date.                                           |

> | Event Properties (Computed Traits)            | 10,000                        | For Computed Trait exceeds this limit, Segment will not persist any new Event Properties and will drop new trait keys and corresponding values.                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Event Properties (Computed Traits)            | 10,000                        | For Computed Traits that exceed this limit, Segment will not persist any new Event Properties and will drop new trait keys and corresponding values.                                                  |
```

Reviewer: Looks good - just one update.
